Re-review of the four docs (#1756)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/supported-extension-scenarios/modules-configuration.md

    link: docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/supported-extension-scenarios/event-subscribers-registration.html
---

> This document explains how manifests support changes in the configuration files of modules. [Manifests](/docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/keeping-a-project-upgradable.html#follow-the-upgradability-best-practices) support changes in a module's configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document explains how manifests support changes in the configuration files of modules.
```

Manifests support all scalar types (bool, int, float, string), the compound type array, and the special type, null.

Manifests do not support compound type objects, or callable, iterable and special type resources.

> Manifest only add values to configuration files. Manifests *will not remove* values from project configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manifest only add values to configuration files. Manifests *don't remove* values from project configuration. 
```

Future tense should be avoided when possible https://developers.google.com/style/tense

class RabbitMqConfig extends SprykerRabbitMqConfig
{
    ...
    protected function getDefaultBoundQueueNamePrefix(): string
    {
        return 'error';
    }
}
```

Manifests also support the usage of constants and have built in basic support for constant concatenation.

The following is an example of how to have the method return a string with a constant:

```php
use Pyz\Zed\Synchronization\SynchronizationConfig;
use Spryker\Zed\ConfigurableBundleStorage\ConfigurableBundleStorageConfig as SprykerConfigurableBundleStorageConfig;

class ConfigurableBundleStorageConfig extends SprykerConfigurableBundleStorageConfig
{
    ...
    public function getConfigurableBundleTemplateSynchronizationPoolName(): string
    {
        return SynchronizationConfig::DEFAULT_SYNCHRONIZATION_POOL_NAME;
    }
}
```

The following is an example of how to have the method return a string with constant concatenation:

```php
use Spryker\Zed\Development\DevelopmentConfig as SprykerDevelopmentConfig;

class DevelopmentConfig extends SprykerDevelopmentConfig
{
    ...
    public function getCodingStandard(): string
    {
        return APPLICATION_ROOT_DIR . DIRECTORY_SEPARATOR . 'phpcs.xml';
    }
}
```

> There's a multitude of ways to view arrays as the return. Manifests support the following array types:

Reviewer: Please consider still leaving the title "Array as a return", as the sentence "There's a multitude of ways to view arrays as the return. Manifests support the following array types:" looks very torn away from the previous section

    link: docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/supported-extension-scenarios/event-subscribers-registration.html
---

> [Manifests](/docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/keeping-a-project-upgradable.html#follow-the-upgradability-best-practices) support changes in a module's configuration files.

Author: ```suggestion
This document explains how manifests support changes in the configuration files of modules. [Manifests](/docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/keeping-a-project-upgradable.html#follow-the-upgradability-best-practices) support changes in a module's configuration files.
```

Manifests support all scalar types (bool, int, float, string), the compound type array, and the special type, null.

Manifests do not support compound type objects, or callable, iterable and special type resources.

> Manifest only add values to configuration files. Manifests **will not remove** values from project configuration. 

Author: ```suggestion
Manifest only add values to configuration files. Manifests *will not remove* values from project configuration. 
```

}
```

> There's a multitude of ways to view arrays as the return.

Author: ```suggestion
There's a multitude of ways to view arrays as the return. Manifests support the following array types:
```

}
```

### Multidimensional array as the return

> Multidimensional associative arrays are supported up to 2 levels, but for its usage the wrapped functions *must* be used: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multidimensional associative arrays are supported up to two levels, but for its usage the wrapped functions *must* be used: 
```
https://developers.google.com/style/numbers#numbers-as-words

}
```

### Multidimensional array as the return

> Multidimensional associative arrays are supported up to two levels, but for its usage the wrapped functions *must* be used: 

Reviewer: their usage?

> Multidimensional associative arrays are supported up to two levels, but for its usage the wrapped functions *must* be used: 

Author: ```suggestion
Multidimensional associative arrays are supported up to two levels, but for their usage the wrapped functions *must* be used: 
```

}
```

### Multidimensional array as the return

> Multidimensional associative arrays are supported up to 2 levels, but for its usage the wrapped functions **must** be used: 

Author: ```suggestion
Multidimensional associative arrays are supported up to 2 levels, but for its usage the wrapped functions *must* be used: 
```

    }
}
```

> * multidimensional arrays

Reviewer: consider deleting this line

> Multidimensional arrays (up to 2 levels) are also supported here, but to use them the wrapped function *must* be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multidimensional arrays of up to two levels are also supported, but to use them, you must use the wrapped function.
```

> Multidimensional arrays (up to 2 levels) are also supported here, but to use them the wrapped function **must** be used.

Author: ```suggestion
Multidimensional arrays (up to 2 levels) are also supported here, but to use them the wrapped function *must* be used.
```
